What would you might be at the moment it's in the investment, the investment.
So what is the investment is spread out between shares and bonds, 90,000, but 30,400 will be in an ISA, OK.
It keeps it tax efficient.
So the more growth you make the more tax efficient it's the rest will be outside an ISA, OK.
But what I would say is from next April, I can automatically wrap it in ISA, yes, so fund managers will automatically and then that's a good idea.
By the time a few years gone, everything will be isa wrapped.
That'll be perfect.
Yeah, yeah.
HM.
OK.
You have got eyes to liability.
So what are your thoughts now we're talking about all this.
Do you wanna take advice on take advice I think on that because that was quite a lot, wasn't it? We said at the end, so do you wanna do that first before that would see, I think that would make perfect sense, but I I like the idea of the way you've sort of planned things at the moment.
HM So I think once I've taken them on board as well, HM I I'll be able to definitely say we want to do so.
I can't see you until.
Let's just have a look
and see if that gives you plenty
of time to get some.
Should I be doing any of that ISA wrapping at the moment?
Because if you do it then I won't be able to access it.
Access it? So HM.
Right.
I can't see you in the first week.
OK.
Second week, which is week commencing the 9th of January.
Do you think I'll give you enough time to go and see?
I hope so.
It's just as you say, we've Christmas coming now as
well.
Yeah.
I mean provisionally book it then what I'll do is I'll, we'll speak to each other if there's any difference you can.
So if we say, let's just quickly bring up calendar up for January, OK.
So what sort of dates?
Thinking potentially doing Wednesday the 11th, would that be OK? Yeah, lovely.
And I'm thinking roughly this time again.
Yep, 2:00 PM.
Fantastic.
But are they took that advice and then we can move forward giving you advice.
It's not sorted, you see.
That's lovely.
So take that advice 1st and then you let me know how we're moving
forward, definitely.
Like you said, you want you want to do something with
this money anyway, don't need to because HM.
I I don't know what else they'll recommend to to be able to pass it over, but I know there's, excuse me, the seven-year rule, but yeah.
Apart from that, I'm not quite sure what else I can do with it.
HM yeah.
So they'll get guide you through it.
There's there's various ways you can do things and you will give you that guidance on what you want to do and how you because I'm hoping this money's gonna grow for you.
So obviously again
it's gonna
increase in your status and it's.
So let's take your card out.
Bear with me a second.
Bear with me.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Oh well, thank you for today.
It was it was the full 2 hours, wasn't it? I did say I hadn't realised it would really get to quite utter your card.
To to that level but thank you very much.
You don't realise it and think about it, isn't it?
When youm to be honest I think you need to as well because I think the options are there and gives you it makes you think as well.
Yeah.
I think the problem is you see at home I've only been moved there two weeks and I still don't have an Internet and it's so frustrating because it's things like this when you're trying to look things up.
I just haven't got anywhere to do that.
And exactly when I asked you do you have an iPad or because it saves you coming in I could do it through but you haven't.
Yeah, come through says actually
that hopefully on Monday they tell me on Monday I should have it.
So from then like should get easier.
But thank you so much for the face to face.
I'm gonna see you again hopefully.
Let's hope you get
some guidance on your inheritance tax
and that's all I need.
Then
then then that way we can plan it.
So obviously like I said if it's not then we can postpone it.
It's not a problem because they're either you took
that advice I don't wanna mess you around or your time completely on it but I think it looks as if it we're going.
Yeah, definitely.
I'm glad you've definitely
got an idea that risk.
But I'd like to believe it.